a name a country this next to France
yeah that's pretty good tell me one of
our allies in the European Union how you
keep guessing these over and over again
that's impressive man tell me a country
that ends in land beside Scotland
England dang Greenland would have worked
too wow that is something else I'll tell
you what i call my conference no I'm
only filming this for hopefully to give
me a chance to get a thumbnail out of it
and then what we'll do is we'll just
edit this entire scene of you in and out
but we're just use it for the thumbnail
you got it so just act natural because
i'ma have to go with a little bit of
time here
no don't pick your nose you just drive
you were gone um 60 miles an hour gonna
have to Alvin he's the driver and the
cameraman yeah you realize this right or
god I've taken that's all right long as
we follow an English path how can we go
wrong
what the ground before sir I don't know
oops look by American on the back you
see it England in the dirt that's
competing though this says england and
that says by american they're just
confusing the heck out of drivers in
louisiana today england say dude drive
this vehicle hi I'm driving you
I wanted to the hospital to see my
father and I be in there an extra member